Built for 1.4 version of tModLoader. 
Special Seeds is a mod that adds seeds to the game simmilar to "Not the bees!" and, "The Constant".

Im sorry for the delay in updating this mod, hopefully i can stay on top of it from now on...

!! Dependent on Advanced World Gen !!
Select the seeds you want to use when creating a world by clicking the gear icon next to SEED

Thank you for downloading my mod!!!

SEEDS

-Custom
Press the tree button at world creation to select tiles.
--------

Customize YOUR OWN seed made just for YOU!
The customization is pretty simple at the moment, but dont forget, you can mix seeds!
(Some tiles are invisible because of the way tmodloader load tiles, at the moment there is nothing i can do about this)

--------

-Icemania
Spawn, most of the surface and rock layer are Ice and Snow
Gaint ice spikes spawn throughout the surface, May contain secrets within!

-Junglemania
Spawn, most of the surface and rock layer are Mud and Stone
Hives Spawn Throughout the world, Definitely contains bees!

-Desertmania
Spawn, most of the surface and rock layer are Sandstone and Hardend Sand
Very Bumpy sUrFaCe!

-Meteormania
Spawn and most of the surface is Stone
Rock layer is filled with meteorite!
Meteors have fallen throughout most of the surface!
Meteor pyramids spawn throughout the surface, May contain secrets within!

-Rainy Day
The entire sky is FILLED with clouds!
Spawn is in the sky!

-Cavemania
Giant caves throughout the world
Large dirt spikes spawn underground!
A large Pyramid of Granite and Marble is in the center of the world, May contain secrets within!

- Nuked
Spawn, most of the surface and rock layer is dirt
There is NO normal GRASS or TREES
Above the surface and in liquids a geiger counter starts ticking!
If you stay in these places too long you start taking SERIOUS damage!

-Trapmania
Traps generate all over!
Watch out for cracked stone, it breaks when you step on it!

-Woodlands
Large tree at spawn
World filled with leaves and branches!

-Upside
Down?

-More Coming in the future!!
V2.3.1 -- Joven-Cyboogiest